Fix truncated data from PAN OS (#30531)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/2_1_12.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Added the argument **show-detail** to the commands **pan-os**, and **pan-os-query-logs**, which gives the ability to return the full data of the fields *after-change-preview*, and *before-change-preview*, under the fields *after-change-detail*, and *before-change-detail* in the raw response.

Reviewer: I can see it was only added in 1 place.

```suggestion
- Added the argument **show-detail** to the commands **pan-os**, and **pan-os-query-logs**, to retrieve the full data of the fields *after-change-preview*, and *before-change-preview*, under the fields *after-change-detail*, and *before-change-detail* in the raw response.
```

Author: True, only to the command pan-os-query-logs. Fixed it
